
MSRP client library
-------------------

This library implements Message Session Relay Protocol (MSRP). MSRP is
defined in RFC 4975.  The relay extension that can be used for NAT traversal
purposes is defined in RFC 4976.

Copyright (c) 2008-2012 AG Projects
http://ag-projects.com

Authors: Denis Bilenko, Ruud Klaver, Saul Ibarra

Home page: http://projects.ag-projects.com/projects/msrp/wiki


Description
-----------

Message Session Relay Protocol (MSRP) is a protocol for transmitting a
series of related instant messages in the context of a session. Message
sessions are treated like any other media stream when set up via a
rendezvous or session creation protocol such as the Session Initiation
Protocol (SIP).

A series of related instant messages between two or more parties can be
viewed as part of a "message session", that is, a conversational exchange of
messages with a definite beginning and end. This is in contrast to
individual messages each sent independently. Messaging schemes that track
only individual messages can be described as "page-mode" messaging, whereas
messaging that is part of a "session" with a definite start and end is
called "session-mode" messaging.

Page-mode messaging is enabled in SIP via the SIP MESSAGE method, as defined
in RFC 3428. Session-mode messaging has a number of benefits over page-mode
messaging, however, such as explicit rendezvous, tighter integration with
other media-types, direct client-to-client operation, and brokered privacy
and security.


Debian package installation
---------------------------

Add AG Projects reporistory as describe at:

http://ag-projects.com/projects-products-96/683-software-repositories

After that, run:

sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install python-msrplib


Manual installation
-------------------

Download the tar archive from http://download.ag-projects.com/MSRP

Extract the tar archive and run under the newly created directory:

sudo python setup.py install


Development version
-------------------

The source code is managed using darcs version control tool. The darcs
repository can be fetched with:

darcs get http://devel.ag-projects.com/repositories/python-msrplib

To obtain the incremental changes after the initial get, go to the
python-msrplib directory and run:

cd python-msrplib
darcs pull -a

